Project Euler: Problem 2
Even Fibonacci numbers

Each new term in the Fibonacci sequence is generated by adding the previous two terms. By starting with 1 and 2, the first 10 terms will be:

1, 2, 3, 5, 8, 13, 21, 34, 55, 89, ...

By considering the terms in the Fibonacci sequence whose values do not exceed four million, find the sum of the even-valued terms.

-----------------------------------------------------------------
Answer: 4613732
-----------------------------------------------------------------
In this instance, I used JavaScript and made a while loop and an if statement to create the solution to this problem. 

In the future, when I have learned more, I would like to revisit this problem and see if there is a more efficient method.

It was definitely an enjoyable exercise! 

------------------------------------------------------------------
var limit = 4000000;
var a = 1;
var b = 1;
var c = 0;
var sumEven = 0;


while (a <= limit) {
  if (a % 2 === 0) {
    sumEven+= a;
  }
  c = a + b;
  a = b;
  b = c;
}

console.log(sumEven);
-------------------------------------------------------------------
*I set a limit to make it easier on myself to do control runs, instead of having to change the value in the while loop. I am a stickler for double checking my own accuracy, so my first run had limit set to 8, to be sure the output would be the predicted 10, and then I changed the value to 89 to make sure the output was 44. After I was satisfied that my program was running as intended, I changed the value to 4 million. Even if the program appears simple enough to not need a control run, I still prefer to double check, as I am only human and could have set something incorrectly and not noticed.

